Sticky Notes
    Day 1
        Green
            "Very helpful for my research"
            "Well done; great instruction; learned a lot of great info. Thanks!"
            "Great pace! Wonderful presentation!"
            "Refreshed my knowledge of the UNIX shell"
            "All was helpful! Keep up the good work"
            "Good pace; good organization; good support"
            "Great pace; good level of checking in."
            "I really learned a lot about BASH & using the command prompt, which I was always scared to use before."
            "Lesson built well throughout the day -> used accumulated knowledge on subsequent lessons"
            "Learning basic shell scripts was interesting & the hands-on was super helpful."
        Red
            "Provide a command cheat sheet; give an overall review of the application of each CLI (?)"
            "It could've included more info for the session."
            "Maybe mention examples of how the commands can be used in additional hypotheical situations."
            "I have no coding or programming knowledge & the scripting was a bit beyond me as a complete novice. Perhaps going a little slower or using simpler terms is going to be easier on use newbies"
            "Speed up slightly"
            "More help with vim for those that didn't have nano"
            "I sometimes had trouble formatting the shell commands (i.e. [indiscernable]) when the instructor's screen filled with results"
            "Can't think of anything"
            "More comfort w/ utilizing 'helpers'"
            "On the board, just make sure to differentiate between '1', 'L,' and '|' (pipeline). Thanks!"
        
    Day 2
        Green
            "Good hands-on intro to Python"
            "I like the variety of instruction for various programs!"
            "Information on Git was very useful!"
            "Clearly articulated workflow & examples"
            "Have more of these. This ws the second time I took this."
            "Good presentations; I learned a lot! Thanks!"
        Red
            "Suggest in remote repository section that each partner 'pull' the other's repository to avoid the 'A'-partner downtime."
            "In the group activity, perhaps people coudl both participate as an A & B role."
            "Improve - I'm not sure."
            "More clear roles for GitHub; example exercise"
            "Creating Python scripts in the BASH shell would have been nice"
        Red
            
            
